Tiles.md, before:

# Rel8 Tiles
Tiles are smallish, modular code projects that we scope, fund, write, then share as open source. 

We call them Tiles because they are part of larger Mosaics (or Tapestry, if you prefer), which paint visions of where projects are headed. 

A good Tile serves several projects, solving a problem they share in a general way. 

Here's a table of our Tiles, finished and proposed:

| Tile Name                             |  Description   | Author(s)               | Status   | Link           | Projects Served |
| ------------------------------------- | --- | ----------------------- | -------- | -------------- | --------------- |
| [[MemeBrain]]                         | API for Jerry's Brain    | [[Marc-Antoine Parent]] | Finished | link goes here | FJB, OGM, Rel8  |
| [[Brainy McBrainface]]                |     | [[Bentley Davis]]       | Finished | link           |                 |
| Multiple improvements to Massive Wiki |     | [[Pete Kaminski]]       | Finished | link           |                 |
| [[Tile - Rendering Excalidraw]]       |     | ??                      | Proposed |                |                 |
| Updating JB                           |     | [[Marc-Antoine Parent]] | Proposed |                |                 |
| [[Spider Diagrams]]                   |     | ??                      | Proposed |                |                 |
| Importing JB into Zsolt's Brain       |     | [[Zsolt Viczian]]       | Proposed |                |                 |
| [[Tile - 1-2-4-All Zoom App]]         |     | ??                      | Proposed |                |                 |

Commit message:

Many updates, including Use Cases

Tiles.md, after:

# Rel8 Tiles
Tiles are smallish, modular code elements that we scope, fund, write, then share as open source. 

A Project may have many Tiles. A narrative that connects several Projects is a Mosaic, essentially a vision of where the collection of Projects is headed. 

We call them Tiles because they are part of larger [[Mosaics]] (or Tapestry, if you prefer), which paint visions of where projects are headed. 

A good Tile serves several Projects, solving a problem they share in a general way. 

Here's a table of our Tiles, finished and proposed:

| Tile Name                             |  Description   | Author(s)               | Status   | Link           | Projects Served |
| ------------------------------------- | --- | ----------------------- | -------- | -------------- | --------------- |
| [[MemeBrain]]                         | API for Jerry's Brain    | [[Marc-Antoine Parent]] | Finished | link goes here | FJB, OGM, Rel8  |
| [[Brainy McBrainface]]                |     | [[Bentley Davis]]       | Finished | link           |                 |
| Multiple improvements to Massive Wiki |     | [[Pete Kaminski]]       | Finished | link           |                 |
| [[Tile - Rendering Excalidraw]]       |     | ??                      | Proposed |                |                 |
| Updating JB                           |     | [[Marc-Antoine Parent]] | Proposed |                |                 |
| [[Spider Diagrams]]                   |     | ??                      | Proposed |                |                 |
| Importing JB into Zsolt's Brain       |     | [[Zsolt Viczian]]       | Proposed |                |                 |
| [[Tile - 1-2-4-All Zoom App]]         |     | ??                      | Proposed |                |                 |
